Add disambiguation about custom registries for Software (#2835)
astronomer/docs: software/registry-backend.md

- [AWS S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/)
- [Azure Blob Storage](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storage/blobs/)

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
```

> This document explains only how to set up a registry for hosting Astronomer's system images. To create a custom registry for Deployment images, see [Configure a custom image registry for Deployment images](custom-image-registry.md). Or, to install Astronomer in high-security environments, with no connections to public networks or internet, see [Install Astronomer in an airgapped environment](install-airgapped.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document explains only how to set up a registry for hosting Astronomer's system images. To create a custom registry for Deployment images, see [Configure a custom image registry for Deployment images](custom-image-registry.md). Or, to host all images in a high-security environment with no connections to public networks or internet, see [Install Astronomer in an airgapped environment](install-airgapped.md).
```
